want to know what heating up in theaters
this weekend born in China journeys into
the jungles of China to follow a group
of pandas monkeys and Snow Leopard
[Music]
check out the midge that's not what he
ordered really a meeting between two
gangs turns into a free-for-all
firefight in free fire will anyone
survive we can't all be nice girl oh my
god woman ii can love survive as empires
fall in the period piece the promise
it's just knowing I have to get us out
of here before there's no time left see
what's hot in theaters with this week's
anticipation
[Music]
so what's your weekend to get going to
be let us know by commenting see you
next time on weekend ticket
[Music]